My father passed away about 13 years ago from a work accident. He got compensated plus for his life insurance. I was only 11 when that happened but I remember meeting with his lawyer and my uncle. He had to sign papers or go over some stuff.

My dad told me on his death bed that I was to use that money strictly for school. However, I haven’t seen that money till this day. My uncle was in charge of it, perhaps because after my dad died he asked if I wanted to come live with him and he’d take care of school for me.

I suppose what I’m asking is there a way to find out what happened to that money? More importantly if my uncle spent it all on himself? Or is there a way to find the attorney? I wasn’t given any info from my uncle after my dad died. Pretty much got kicked to the curb and shut out. I didn't know what to do next.

This morning I went to get gas, and my card didn't work. I know there is money in there so I called the bank. They said my account is on hold until I could send them my immigration status paperwork. I told them that I was born here, and they have my social security number. They put me on hold for an hour, then came back and said that my account is showing I haven't submitted my immigration documents for six months. By then I was starting to get annoyed. So I hang up with them, get my birth certificate and social security card, and go into the closest branch. I tell them what happened, hand them my documents, and ask them to fix the problem. The manager scans and uploads the information. They reject it because it's not the immigration document they want. They tell me I will need to call the customer service number to speak with them, because they cant override the error. I ask them if I can just withdraw a few hundred in cash to pay for things, and they tell me at this time they can't access the account. I am starting to get really angry at this point, but I call customer service back with a polite attitude. I try to speak with supervisors, and no one knows why this is happening or how to fix it. They'd tell me I just have to go to the immigration office and ask for this document saying that I am still in legal status. Call immigration number they give me, because I have no idea where to go for this document. They tell me they can't give me that document unless I am actually an immigrant due to scams and things of that sort. The thing that is interesting is that my wife is from India, but she has been here legally for almost 15 years now. They aren't asking for information either. We tried that in case it was a glitch related to her. Anyone have any idea what I can do? I don't have any access to my money, and not even sure where to go.